questionnaire - noun: a list of questions; survey
unconscious - adjective: not conscious; without awareness
precocious - adjective: unusually mature, especially in mental development
liaison - noun: a person who maintains a connection between people or groups
surveillance - noun: continuous observation of a person, place, or activity in order to gather information
onomatopoeia - noun: the formation of a word by imitation of a sound of the noise or action described, such as hiss, honk, or meow.
conscientious- adjective: careful, particular, taking great care
demitasse -  noun: small coffee cup
vengeance - noun: punishment inflicted for a wrong done to oneself or another person; revenge
prospicience - noun: the act of looking forward; foresight acquiesce - verb: to accept as inevitable; to comply passively
malfeasance -  noun: conduct by a public official that violates the public trust or is against  theirascible -  adjective: irritable, quick-tempered
antediluvian - adjective: 1. of or relating to the period before the Biblical flood  2. old-fashioned; antiquated
foudroyant - adjective: sudden and overwhelming; stunning
eudemonic - adjective: pertaining to conducive to happiness
logorrhea - noun: excessive and often incoherent talkativeness
pterodactyl - noun: any of various extinct flying reptiles, having no feathers
stichomythia - noun: dialogue, especially a dispute, delivered in alternating lines
feuilleton - noun: part of a European newspaper or magazine with content designed to entertain the reader
milquetoast  - noun: a timid, unassertive, or apologetic person
chrematistic : of or relating to making money
chrysanthemum : a widely cultivated plant with brightly-colored showy flower heads
idiosyncrasy :a tendency, habit or mannerism that is peculiar to an individual; a quirk
chauffeur : a person hired to drive a private automobile or limousine
Cybersafety (noun) : Staying safe when using the Internet
Droning (adjective, noun, verb) : Using a pilotless aircraft to conduct remote military operations.
E-bike (noun) : A bicycle with an electric motor.
Reaction GIF : a GIF of someone or something (such as a celebrity or an animal) that is sent or posted in reply to something (such as a text message or a social media post or comment) and that typically depicts and expresses a reaction
Digital blackface : the use by white people of digital depictions of Black or brown people or skin tones especially for the purpose of self-representation or self-expression
Hard pass : a firm refusal or rejection of something (such as an offer)
Performative disapproving : made or done for show (as to bolster one's own image or make a positive impression on others)
@ informal : to respond to, challenge, or disparage the claim or opinion of (someone) —usually used in the phrase don't @ me
Flex informal : an act of bragging or showing off
Cancel culture : the practice or tendency of engaging in mass canceling as a way of expressing disapproval and exerting social pressure
E-waste (noun, second meaning) : Unnecessary or low-quality electronic content.
Nomophobia (noun) : The fear of being too far away from a mobile phone or mobile phone services.
Screen time (noun) : The amount of time a user is exposed to a television, phone, tablet, or gaming device
Segway (noun) : Type of a two-wheeled motorized vehicle in which the driver steers while standing.
Crudball (noun) : An unpleasant person
Dorkus (noun): A foolish or clumsy person.
Jerkweed (noun) : An obnoxious person.
Jerkface (noun) :  An irritating person.
Noob (noun) :  An inexperienced beginner. Originally from online and gaming contexts, short for “newbie.”
Snowflake :  A person who expects to be treated as if their needs are unique and special. Often synonymous with oversensitive.